Add devfile parameters override procedure (#952)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/proc_overriding-devfile-values-using-factory-parameters.adoc

> // overriding-devfile-values-using-factory-parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// included in:
//
// * assembly_configuring-a-workspace-using-a-devfile.adoc
```

[id="overriding-devfile-values-using-factory-parameters_{context}"]

> = Overriding some devfile values using factory parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Overriding devfile values using factory parameters
```

> A some values of the remote devfile can be overriden using specially constructed additional factory parameters. Currently allowed sections to override values are: apiVesion, metadata, projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values in the following sections of a remote devfile can be overridden using specially constructed additional factory parameters:

* `apiVersion`
* `metadata`
* `projects`
```

.Prerequisites
* A running instance of {prod}. To install an instance of {prod}, see link:{site-baseurl}che-7/che-quick-starts/[{prod-short} quick-starts].

> * The publicly-accessible standalone `devfile.yaml` file. See link:{site-baseurl}che-7//making-a-workspace-portable-using-a-devfile/[Making a workspace portable using a Devfile] for detailed information about creating and using devfiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A publicly accessible standalone `devfile.yaml` file. See link:{site-baseurl}che-7//making-a-workspace-portable-using-a-devfile/[Making a workspace portable using a Devfile] for detailed information about creating and using devfiles.
```

.Procedure

> . Execute the workspace by opening the following URL: `++https://++__<your-che-host>__/f?url=https://__<yourhosturl>__/devfile.yaml&override.<parameter.path>=<value>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the workspace by navigating to the following URL: `++https://++__<che-host>__/f?url=https://__<hostURL>__/devfile.yaml&override.__<parameter.path>__=__<value>__`
```

> .Example of overriding generateName property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example of overriding the `generateName` property
```
